Okay, let's get started.
So, remember, we used a Truffle box to create
a project that gives us a lot of boilerplate code.
Now, like I said, it came with a lot of boilerplate code, we don't need some of it.
In fact, quite a bit of it for a project.
I like to have a clean plate.
So, let's go clean up all the files that we don't need for this boilerplate.
The first thing I'm going to go to my contracts folder.
Okay. In the contracts folder,
we're going to delete all the files except the migration file.
So, let's go delete this file. We don't need it.
Again, that's just boilerplate code that came along, I'm going to delete that.
I'm also going to delete the other file,
I'm only going to have the migrations.sol left.
Okay. Once you have that setup.
Now, the next thing we're going to do is create our own contract file here.
Okay. Then, we're going to copy the code that we hadn't Remix right here.
So, I'm going to call my file here, starNotary.sol.
So, let's go create our own contract here.
I'm going to call it starNotary.sol, fantastic.
I'm going to paste the code that we had initially from a Remix.
Okay. Then, hit save.
So, you're saving the file here,
that's some clean up we did in the contract file folders.
Now, we only have the migrations one left,
under starNotary.sol, that we just have our own created.
Now, let's go to the migrations file.
In the migrations file, you'll see it's trying to migrate.
Of course, you're going to leave the first one just the way it is.
The second one, is also migrating your other contracts.
We don't need that, I'm going to edit that to my own contract.
So, let's go delete one of them and edit the other one.
Okay. So, the name of our file is starNotary.
Let's also call this,
I'm going to use capital in this case, got it.
We don't need to deploy any of this,
we just need to deploy our own one, right?
So, let's go delete that,
edit this to our starNotary.
So, this is the file that actually migrate into
whatever network that you're putting it on, fantastic.
So, all of this is doing is that we edited this file,
and then if you see we're using artifacts to require the JSON format.
If you probably saw all this in one of our lessons solidity.
But again, what we're doing,
is that we're using the artifacts that require the JSON format of our smart contract,
then we're deploying it using this function right there.
Now, let's also clean up a little bit more.
So, let's save this file,
okay? So, we did two things.
We deleted everything in the contract for it except the migrations file,
and then had our own contract made there.
Second thing, we came to a migrations folder.
Then, we edit the two underscore deploy contracts and just make our,
yeah, starNotary contract is the one that we're deploying.
So, we made that change, and then also did it our test,
CPC look in the test folder.
This is where we actually plays all the test files,
we'll look at that in just a second.
In the test folder, I'm actually going to delete.
Again, we don't need this one.
This is again for the previous one,
we're going to delete this file,
and then we're also going to delete the TestMetacoin.sol.
So, pretty much delete everything,
and I'm going to have just my environments set up over here.
So, let's delete this file too, fantastic.
Just leave this one there, this is just the basic environments set up for you.
Now, within that, we're going to create our own test file and all the tests files are.js,
and I'll give you more details of that in the next video.
So, let's go create our own file,
we're going to call it starNotary,
that is how you write your tests.
Fantastic. So, starNotary.js, so this is our test file.
Now, again we have learned about [inaudible].
Now, let's go start writing tests for my next video.